androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/R.java
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.R
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.R$attr
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.R$color
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.R$id
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.R$integer
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.R$layout
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.R$string
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.R$style
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/sharedpreferences/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$styleable
com/mapbox/maps/extension/localization/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$anim
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$animator
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$bool
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.extension.localization.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/startup/R.java
 androidx.startup.R
 androidx.startup.R$string
com/mapbox/maps/core/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.core.R
 com.mapbox.maps.core.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.core.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.core.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.core.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.core.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.core.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.core.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.core.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.core.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.core.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/mapbox/common/loader/R.java
 com.mapbox.common.loader.R
com/mapbox/maps/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.R
 com.mapbox.maps.R$anim
 com.mapbox.maps.R$animator
 com.mapbox.maps.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.R$bool
 com.mapbox.maps.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.maps.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.R$styleable
com/baseflow/permissionhandler/R.java
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$attr
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$color
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$dimen
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$drawable
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$id
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$integer
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$layout
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$string
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$style
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$styleable
com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/plugins/annotation/R.java
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R$anim
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R$attr
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R$bool
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R$color
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R$id
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R$integer
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R$layout
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R$string
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R$style
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.annotation.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$animator
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/mapbox/android/core/R.java
 com.mapbox.android.core.R
 com.mapbox.android.core.R$attr
 com.mapbox.android.core.R$color
 com.mapbox.android.core.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.android.core.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.android.core.R$id
 com.mapbox.android.core.R$integer
 com.mapbox.android.core.R$layout
 com.mapbox.android.core.R$string
 com.mapbox.android.core.R$style
 com.mapbox.android.core.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
 androidx.savedstate.R$id
com/flutter_webview_plugin/R.java
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$anim
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$attr
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$bool
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$color
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$dimen
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$drawable
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$id
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$integer
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$interpolator
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$layout
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$string
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$style
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$styleable
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$xml
com/mapbox/android/telemetry/R.java
 com.mapbox.android.telemetry.R
 com.mapbox.android.telemetry.R$attr
 com.mapbox.android.telemetry.R$color
 com.mapbox.android.telemetry.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.android.telemetry.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.android.telemetry.R$id
 com.mapbox.android.telemetry.R$integer
 com.mapbox.android.telemetry.R$layout
 com.mapbox.android.telemetry.R$string
 com.mapbox.android.telemetry.R$style
 com.mapbox.android.telemetry.R$styleable
com/mapbox/maps/plugin/camera/animation/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.camera.animation.R
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.camera.animation.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.camera.animation.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.camera.animation.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.camera.animation.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.camera.animation.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.camera.animation.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.camera.animation.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.camera.animation.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.camera.animation.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.camera.animation.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
timber/log/R.java
 timber.log.R
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/mapbox/maps/plugin/logo/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$anim
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$animator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$bool
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.logo.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/mapbox/maps/module/telemetry/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.module.telemetry.R
 com.mapbox.maps.module.telemetry.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.module.telemetry.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.module.telemetry.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.module.telemetry.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.module.telemetry.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.module.telemetry.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.module.telemetry.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.module.telemetry.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.module.telemetry.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.module.telemetry.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/it_nomads/fluttersecurestorage/R.java
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$attr
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$color
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$dimen
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$drawable
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$id
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$integer
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$layout
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$string
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$style
 com.it_nomads.fluttersecurestorage.R$styleable
com/mapbox/android/accounts/R.java
 com.mapbox.android.accounts.R
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/example/sinitt/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.sinitt.BuildConfig
com/mapbox/common/core/R.java
 com.mapbox.common.core.R
 com.mapbox.common.core.R$attr
 com.mapbox.common.core.R$color
 com.mapbox.common.core.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.common.core.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.common.core.R$id
 com.mapbox.common.core.R$integer
 com.mapbox.common.core.R$layout
 com.mapbox.common.core.R$string
 com.mapbox.common.core.R$style
 com.mapbox.common.core.R$styleable
com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/gl/core/R.java
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.gl.core.R
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
com/mapbox/maps/plugin/scalebar/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$anim
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$animator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$bool
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.scalebar.R$styleable
androidx/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.core.ktx.R
 androidx.core.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.core.ktx.R$color
 androidx.core.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.core.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.core.ktx.R$id
 androidx.core.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.core.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.core.ktx.R$string
 androidx.core.ktx.R$style
 androidx.core.ktx.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R$id
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
com/mapbox/maps/plugin/annotation/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$anim
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$animator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$bool
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.annotation.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/pathprovider/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$styleable
com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/plugins/localization/R.java
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R$anim
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R$attr
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R$bool
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R$color
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R$id
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R$integer
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R$layout
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R$string
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R$style
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.localization.R$styleable
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$animator
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/mapbox/common/logger/R.java
 com.mapbox.common.logger.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/window/java/R.java
 androidx.window.java.R
com/mapbox/android/gestures/R.java
 com.mapbox.android.gestures.R
 com.mapbox.android.gestures.R$attr
 com.mapbox.android.gestures.R$color
 com.mapbox.android.gestures.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.android.gestures.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.android.gestures.R$id
 com.mapbox.android.gestures.R$integer
 com.mapbox.android.gestures.R$layout
 com.mapbox.android.gestures.R$string
 com.mapbox.android.gestures.R$style
 com.mapbox.android.gestures.R$styleable
com/example/sinitt/R.java
 com.example.sinitt.R
 com.example.sinitt.R$anim
 com.example.sinitt.R$animator
 com.example.sinitt.R$attr
 com.example.sinitt.R$bool
 com.example.sinitt.R$color
 com.example.sinitt.R$dimen
 com.example.sinitt.R$drawable
 com.example.sinitt.R$id
 com.example.sinitt.R$integer
 com.example.sinitt.R$interpolator
 com.example.sinitt.R$layout
 com.example.sinitt.R$mipmap
 com.example.sinitt.R$string
 com.example.sinitt.R$style
 com.example.sinitt.R$styleable
 com.example.sinitt.R$xml
io/flutter/plugins/camera/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.R
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.R$styleable
com/baseflow/geolocator/R.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$attr
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$color
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$dimen
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$drawable
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$id
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$integer
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$layout
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$string
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$style
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$styleable
com/mapbox/maps/plugin/overlay/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$anim
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$animator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$bool
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.overlay.R$styleable
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/mapbox/common/module/okhttp/R.java
 com.mapbox.common.module.okhttp.R
 com.mapbox.common.module.okhttp.R$attr
 com.mapbox.common.module.okhttp.R$color
 com.mapbox.common.module.okhttp.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.common.module.okhttp.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.common.module.okhttp.R$id
 com.mapbox.common.module.okhttp.R$integer
 com.mapbox.common.module.okhttp.R$layout
 com.mapbox.common.module.okhttp.R$string
 com.mapbox.common.module.okhttp.R$style
 com.mapbox.common.module.okhttp.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/runtime/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R$id
io/flutter/plugins/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
com/mapbox/maps/plugin/attribution/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$anim
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$animator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$bool
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.attribution.R$styleable
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
androidx/window/R.java
 androidx.window.R
 androidx.window.R$attr
 androidx.window.R$id
 androidx.window.R$styleable
com/mapbox/common/R.java
 com.mapbox.common.R
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/mapbox/maps/plugin/locationcomponent/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$anim
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$animator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$bool
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.locationcomponent.R$styleable
com/mapbox/maps/plugin/lifecycle/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.lifecycle.R
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.lifecycle.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.lifecycle.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.lifecycle.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.lifecycle.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.lifecycle.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.lifecycle.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.lifecycle.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.lifecycle.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.lifecycle.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.lifecycle.R$styleable
com/lyokone/location/R.java
 com.lyokone.location.R
 com.lyokone.location.R$attr
 com.lyokone.location.R$color
 com.lyokone.location.R$dimen
 com.lyokone.location.R$drawable
 com.lyokone.location.R$id
 com.lyokone.location.R$integer
 com.lyokone.location.R$layout
 com.lyokone.location.R$string
 com.lyokone.location.R$style
 com.lyokone.location.R$styleable
com/mapbox/mapboxgl/R.java
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$anim
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$animator
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$attr
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$bool
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$color
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$id
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$integer
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$layout
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$string
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$style
 com.mapbox.mapboxgl.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/imagepicker/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$styleable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$xml
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/mapbox/maps/plugin/gestures/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$anim
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$animator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$bool
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.gestures.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/mapbox/maps/plugin/style/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$anim
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$animator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$bool
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.style.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/mapbox/maps/base/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.base.R
 com.mapbox.maps.base.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.base.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.base.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.base.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.base.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.base.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.base.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.base.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.base.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.base.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R$id
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
com/mapbox/mapboxsdk/plugins/offline/R.java
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$anim
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$animator
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$attr
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$bool
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$color
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$id
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$integer
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$layout
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$string
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$style
 com.mapbox.mapboxsdk.plugins.offline.R$styleable
com/mapbox/maps/plugin/compass/R.java
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$anim
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$animator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$attr
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$bool
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$color
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$dimen
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$drawable
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$id
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$integer
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$interpolator
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$layout
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$string
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$style
 com.mapbox.maps.plugin.compass.R$styleable
